# Doriam Kor-Azor renames planets to commemorate Champion - Pirate violence on the rise
By Svarthol
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/doriam-kor-azor-renames-planets-to-commemorate-champion-pirate-violence-on-the-rise/ at 2003-12-18T00:00:00Z

Amarr Emperor Doriam Kor-Azor has issued a decree stating that planet IV in the Kor-Azor system shall be known as Eclipticum. Its moons will now be named "Black Viperia", "Griklaeum" and "Kileakum". These name changes are to commemorate the champion whose combat skills earned Doriam the throne.  
  
Imperial chamberlain Dasham Nestorik was quoted saying "the heroes of our empire are never forgotten, never ignored. Our beloved Emperor wanted to give his champion his place among the stars".   
  
Critics claim that Kor-Azor is trying to divert the public's attention from increased pirate activity in the outer regions that has resulted in a spate of apparently senseless killings in the past days. Although the problem is not solely focused on Amarr space, Kor-Azor has made it his personal agenda to address this issue as quickly and decisively as possible.  
  
Emperor Kor-Azor has been meeting with his security advisors and is believed to be working on a strategy to counter this deterioration in stability. "There are always those who envy us of our glory, our power and our purity of purpose. They will hunt our weaker brothers and ambush our undeserving traders. The Emperor does not and will never accept this", Nestorik said.

