# Tight security surrounds Emperor Inauguration as applications pile up for attendance
By Svarthol
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/tight-security-surrounds-emperor-inauguration-as-applications-pile-up-for-attendance/ at 2003-11-27T00:00:00Z

A veil of secrecy shrouds preparations for the most talked about event in modern Amarr history. Next Saturday, Doriam Kor-Azor of House Kor-Azor will be inaugurated Emperor of Amarr, succeeding Heideran VII who recently passed away.  
  
The ceremony is expected to be fraught with tension, as the four Amarr heirs whose champions failed to secure them the throne, are expected to commit ritual suicide while Amarr's most sacred priests sanctify Doriam's god-like reign. Historically, most heirs have performed this ritual of voluntary suicide and accepted their destiny but there have been exceptions.  
  
The ceremony will be held at an undisclosed location and will be closed to the public. The proceedings will be broadcast on a secure chat channel, in the same manner as the championship award ceremony was broadcast last weekend. However, as a gesture of good will, the Amarr high council has decided to allow 50 pilots to attend the ceremony in person. The pilots must be of Amarr / Ni-Kunni nationality and have a positive security standing. Attendees are to send electronic mail to storyline@eve-online.com with the subject line "inauguration tickets", along with their pilot name and "user name". They are also to write in four sentences or less, why they should be chosen to attend this event. The Council will choose the most deserving pilots.  
  
The Council reserves the right to deny pilots access to the event at its own discretion. This is a rare opportunity to witness history in the making and witness first hand the final moments of four great Amarrian leaders.

