# The Scope Profile: Mentas Blaque
By Svarthol
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/the-scope-profile-mentas-blaque/ at 2004-12-20T00:00:00Z

The Person:  
 Once described as the most intelligent man in the Federation, but also the most cold-hearted, Mentas Blaque is a political hard-liner of the best, or the worst, sort. It all depends on your perspective. While the Federation has always stood for equality, to Blaque some people are more equal than others. While Blaque has never advocated that the Federation should be for Gallenteans only, he has many times stated that it should be governed solely by Gallenteans. In his view, the Gallenteans are the true champions of democracy, other members of the Federation are simply 'guests' of the great and generous Gallentean nation.  
  
Furthermore, Blaque believes that the essence of the democratic spirit must be defended vigorously against foreign threats and subversive elements. The aggressive nature of Blaque dictates that the initiative must be seized and actions taken against those seeking to undermine the Federation. Blaque's views have made him a controversial figure in the Federation. Many are swayed by his persuasive argument that the Federation can only remain a sanctuary to the oppressed if it can prove itself to be strong and secure. But others point out that this matters little if the Federation itself becomes the oppressor.   
  
The Past:  
 After graduating as a lawyer from Caille University, Blaque went to work for one of the most prestigious law firms in the Federation, Tuvoulle, Tuvoulle & Reniz. Quickly establishing himself as extremely competent trial lawyer with a merciless and cunning edge, Blaque also started to make a name for himself in the political arena with biting articles in leading newspapers. Blaque retired from law business in his early thirties, already having amassed enough wealth to last several lifetimes.  
  
 Blaque then started his political career in earnest. Applying the same ruthless methods that made him notorious during his lawyering days, he quickly rose to prominence. He became Senator before he was forty and was quick to stamp his authority in the lofty halls of the Senate. It wasn't long before he was elected head of the Senate, a post he has held ever since. Now his ambition has awakened once again, propelling him to take on Foiritan for the presidency. The two have clashed many times in the past, with Foiritan generally the winner. This time Blaque is pulling all the stops to come out on top.  
  
The Policy:  
 Mentas Blaque hates the Intaki Syndicate with a vengeance. Whether this is because of his ongoing feud with president Foiritan, who is an Intaki, is unknown. Blaque maintains that Foiritan is secretly dealing with the Syndicate, fattening his own pockets with smuggler's money in exchange for allowing the Syndicate to operate unhindered close to Federation space. While these accusations have never been substantiated, it is clear that with Blaque in power the Syndicate will feel the wrath of the Federation.  
  
Blaque has also criticized the president for his friendly overtures to the Amarr Empire and the Caldari State. To Blaque, such moves will only be perceived as a sign of weakness and ruthlessly exploited. He points to the Protein Delicacy fiasco, the Crielere project and the deal with Articio Kor-Azor as examples of this already happening. With Blaque in charge, relations with the other empires are bound to sour, what with Blaque's decidedly xenophobic views. For the same reason, CONCORD will undoubtedly suffer. Blaque has already stated that he will withdraw funds earmarked for CONCORD and use them to strengthen the Federation Navy instead.  
  
On the home front, Blaque is bound to take greater interest in the day to day running of affairs than Foiritan has done. Blaque will no doubt try to patch up the poor relations between the president and the senate, aiming to unite all the government agencies and make the start working for each other instead of against each other, as has often been the case under Foiritan. Blaque's insistence on increased security may not affect the average citizen much, but stiffer regulations regarding transportation of goods and people can be expected.

