# Amarrians complete monumental feat; cathedral safely transported
By Svarthol
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/amarrians-complete-monumental-feat-cathedral-safely-transported/ at 2004-07-06T00:00:00Z

The immense Tal-Romon Cathedral has been safely transported piece by piece from Eclipticum to Amarr Prime, where it will be reconstructed on the Amarr continent itself. The cathedral debate pitted the Amarr Emperor Doriam II against the royal heir Catiz Tash-Murkon, who was the previous owner of the cathedral before the emperor confiscated it. Though the Tash-Murkon family did not openly oppose the emperor on the matter it is well known that they supported private efforts to foil the transportation efforts.  
  
A spokesperson for the Imperial Chancellor stated that 'this success speaks volume about what Amarrians can accomplish when they work together towards a common goal. I hope this encourages Amarrians everywhere to follow their dreams, as they will surely have the grace of God with them in all their endeavors.'  
  
The massive undertaking saw hundreds of private pilots rally to the cause, completing a staggering ten thousand sorties for the greater good of the empire. This despite several thousand failed sorties due to attacks from unsavory assailants working indirectly for Catiz Tash-Murkon. Now all that remains to be seen is whether the emperor and the fiery heir can sheath their swords and establish some sort of a status quo. The odds are this will happen as the Amarrians have a long history of finding compromise solutions to thwart civil wars. But they also have a long history of personal vendettas.

