# CONCORD Makes Revolutionary Statement of Recognition For Alliances as Starbase Components Hit SCC Markets
By Svarthol
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/concord-makes-revolutionary-statement-of-recognition-for-alliances-as-starbase-components-hit-scc-markets/ at 2004-11-24T00:00:00Z

In a surprise announcement at 12:00 EVT today Irhes Angireh, Head of CONCORD's Inner Circle, declared CONCORD to be in full official support of the outer rim alliances. Further, she stated that official provision had been made for alliances to, for the first time in history, become recorded entities on the level of nation-states. "The last two weeks have been a tumultuous time, with nations, institutions, organizations, even families, split down the middle in disagreement," said Angireh. "Thusly, in fulfillment of the duties bestowed upon us by our position, CONCORD has made a decision. As of this moment, an official CONCORD-sanctioned Alliance register has been put into effect. Those political entities which comply with our criteria may, from now, be recognized for the powers they are. Additionally, the SCC has made no provision to restrict the ORE Syndicate's retailing of moon mining and starbase technologies, technologies which we feel will do nothing but expand humanity's frontiers and speed our path into the future." The news has sent shockwaves through the political community. Representatives from the four empires have logged official complaints through all available channels, some even going so far as to claim CONCORD has overstepped its bounds completely and that the Inner Circle has been corrupted by the interests of the cloning and spaceship industries, as well as pressure from vocal capsuleer groups through GalNet feed channels. "Mark my words, this is the beginning of the end," stated Amarr Court Chamberlain Proconsul Camoul Hinda. "With people like these allowed access to that level of advanced technology, there's no telling what will happen. It seems to me that CONCORD is acting purely out of self-interest, with no concern for the economic well-being of the nations it was created to protect." "It's like a bad dream. I just don't know what to say," said Gallente senator Aubrille Dramou. "It's like they took a touch sculpture, detached all the constituent parts and just threw the pieces back into the field randomly. I'm not even sure I want to know what happens next." Meanwhile, outer rim alliance leaders have expressed approval of CONCORD's move. Fountain Alliance representative TornSoul in an interview this afternoon stated, "The core empires need to wake up to the fact that there are other powerful entities in existence, and they need to start dealing with these entities on equal terms. They should realize there is something to be learned from those who have been able to do what they could not - namely, establish permanent footholds in the outer regions. While the FA welcomes this move from CONCORD, it is really nothing more than a formalization of the current de facto state of affairs -- we're here, and we're here to stay."

