# Important -  War notification mails are bugged
By Svarthol
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/important-war-notification-mails-are-bugged/ at 2005-01-21T00:00:00Z

Hello everyone.  
  
We have been investigating a few cases where players complained of being unjustly attacked by rival corporations in what they believed was a 24 hour grace period before a war takes effect. There is a bug involved and we will be reimbursing for any losses incurred because of it. Here is a brief description of the problem:  
  
Corporation A declares war on Corporation B. After the vote goes through, the waiting period and the next downtime pass and the corporations can blow each other into space dust at will. All is well.  
  
Then, Corporation B joins an Alliance, which we'll call B2. And here's when the confusion starts. As soon as B are members of the B2 alliance, Corp A receives this mail, from Concord:  
  
"Corporation A Declares War Against Alliance B2   
  
Corporation A has declared war on Alliance B2. After 24 hours fighting can legally occur between those involved."  
  
This is, of course, nonsense. What really happens when Corporation B joins the alliance, is that Corp A is now at war with their entire alliance, WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT.  
  
Believe me, the Concord official responsible for this snafu is going to be patrolling an out of the way system by himself for the foreseeable future.  
  
In the meantime, we warn all corporations to be aware of this issue and act accordingly. We are already working on a fix and we will be reimbursing all losses incurred because of this bug.   
  
A word of warning: Any attempts to fool us into reimbursing for unrelated issues using this bug as an excuse will be met with instant bans.

