# Minmatar Republic Claims Caldari State in Breach of Yulai Convention - State in Diplomatic Hot Water
By Svarthol
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/minmatar-republic-claims-caldari-state-in-breach-of-yulai-convention-state-in-diplomatic-hot-water/ at 2005-04-08T00:00:00Z

Minmatar Republic officials this morning lodged a formal complaint with CONCORD, stating that according to security footage and docking transcripts, two Caldari Navy vessels had illegally docked at a Republic Fleet station in Matari-controlled space last night, reportedly in search of missing Caldari pharmacologist Ullia Hnolku.  
  
According to article 37a of the Yulai Convention, vessels of national navies are explicitly forbidden from docking at other national navies' stations if those stations are within the confines of the owning navy's borders. Exceptions are granted only through specific written permission and statement of intent, both of which must go through proper CONCORD channels beforehand.  
  
"We realize they're in a crisis, but that does not give them the right to step on international law any way they see fit," stated Republic Parliament Head Malaetu Shakor this morning. "The Caldari State has to realize it represents only one entity in the pan-galactic playground, and you can only step on others so many times before others start pushing back."  
  
The State has a history of similar oversights: in August of last year, Ishukone Watch vessels were repeatedly spotted on the Matari side of the Caldari/Minmatar border zone, scanning passersby and inconveniencing travelers. Neither the Ishukone corporation nor the Chief Executive Panel issued any sort of diplomatic comment on that matter, a fact believed to contribute to the current sour state of relations with the Republic. A similar, though unpublicized, incident took place in Gallente space a few months later, where Caldari Navy vessels went searching for Gurista operatives believed to hold stolen schematics for as-yet unreleased ship designs. Their maneuverings within Gallente space provoked protests from the Federation, which also went unanswered by the CEP.  
  
"The State has a long, proud tradition of obstinacy in diplomatic affairs," says Roger Montand, professor of political science at the University of Caille. "Now they have this missing scientist problem on their hands, and they need to be able to move their people freely, but they're just not trusted. The situation certainly wouldn't be so bad had the State actually given diplomacy its due course instead of digging their heels in and staying stubbornly quiet every time they were questioned as to their little slips. As it stands, they're paying the price."  
  
Neither the Chief Executive Panel nor the Caldari Navy have commented at this point.

