# Billionaire Dies, Leaves Unusual Request in Will
By Svarthol
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/billionaire-dies-leaves-unusual-request-in-will/ at 2006-05-06T00:00:00Z

The famed Gallente businessman, entrepeneur and playboy Ruevo Aram has just passed at the age of 173. Admired by the intellectual society for his skill at solving seemingly unsolvable riddles. Known for his wild behavior and rumoured to have ties deep within the Gallente government, he will be missed by many.  
  
In his will, he left this message:  
  
_"At the time of my death, one person will have a chance to make history. In the event of my death, ninety-eight percent of my wealth is to be transferred to the government of the Caldari Sate, they have their orders on what to do with it. The rest will go to the first person who solves these eleven riddles:_

<center>
1<i><br>
You might not heed this advice or care<br>
do not go into HED<br>
it's guaranteed that somebody's there<br>
to fill your body with lead.</i><br><br>

2<i><br>
Twenty-two trustworthy men<br>
in a popular traders den<br>
mysterious number four<br>
opens this magical door.</i><br><br>

3<i><br>
Coming and laying their tents<br>
causing shouts and creating dents<br>
holding their ground for weeks<br>
reaching their peaks<br>
until the coming of tweaks.</i><br>

4<i><br>
Once friends<br>
once learning<br>
now fiends<br>
now burning<br>
forever.</i><br><br>

5<i><br>
Down in Stain<br>
there lies a system<br>
with one way in<br>
it is most eastern</i><br><br>

6<i><br>
Many a travellers dream<br>
as hopeless at it may seem<br>
a friend of mine named Gep<br>
is the closest you'll ever get.</i><br><br>

7<i><br>
She foiled their plan<br>
and most of them ran<br>
it did not last<br>
this empire of the past.</i><br><br>

8<i><br>
Fast deployment and swift results<br>
they'll work for whoever pays<br>
a night stalkers honor heavily weighs<br>
on the orders he gets and obey's.</i><br><br>

9<i><br>
To do is to be<br>
to do is me<br>
machine I am<br>
scientist I am<br>
or rather, was.</i><br><br>

10<i><br>
A highly dangerous place<br>
you'll find the next clue<br>
hidden away<br>
close to the diamond ace.</i><br><br>

11<i><br>
A purple Amarr to the south<br>
deep in the empire's mouth.<br>
above the sea with two ways in<br>
find this system and win."</i><br><br><br>
</center>Whatever these riddles mean, or where they lead, this reporter cannot tell. Just how large Ruevo's fortune was remains uncertain, although it is believed to have been in the hundreds of billions.   
  
More information can be found on the GalNet forums. 
