# Audit of Heth reforms released
By Svarthol
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/audit-of-heth-reforms-released/ at 2008-09-18T00:00:00Z

<!-- -->

The release today of the State Independent Audit Bureau's 90-day audit has painted a cautiously positive view of State Leader Tibus Heth's reforms. Delivering the report at a crowded press release, Assistant Auditor General Dr. Heyata Saari said the paper offered a comprehensive overview of reforms undertaken by the Heth government.

Dr. Saari once again stated that the focus of her team's research had been on workplace reform and reorganization. Among the many new programs reviewed, one highlight for the Heth government was the evident success of their Job Choices program, which saw widespread participation across key industries and had received glowing feedback from the general populace. The paper revealed that over one third of those eligible had opted in, with as much as 40% participation in many areas.

Offering paid training and increased chances of relocation for veterans of the workforce, the program allows long-serving citizens to change jobs late in their career without the usual hassles involved. A majority of those surveyed said the flexibility of both training and positions available had been the reason for their enrolment.

The Job Choices program wasn't the only good news for the Heth administration, however. Their Workforce Modernisation program had seen similar numbers of participation and was proving equally popular amongst citizens.

Considered to be the larger sibling of their more selective Self Education Initiative, the WMP allocates resources and funding to workers through their corporate sponsors rather than on an individual basis. All of the "Big 8" MegaCorps opted in at least partially, lending considerable momentum to the program from the beginning.

The program was a two-pronged attack aimed at inequality and inefficiency in the workplace. One of the single largest outlays was the funding for the automation of over fifty million jobs in the last three months. According to surveys taken from the report, this alone saw a drastic reduction of injury and dissatisfaction in affected workplaces. Workers in outmoded industries or those recently automated were offered paid training to upgrade their skills and advance elsewhere in the workforce.

From manufacturing and agriculture through to the entertainment industry, key figures have come forward to support early signs from the report that point to a happier, more productive workforce. Although the final cost of the reform remains unclear, Dr. Saari did stress that if current spending and enrolment continued it would stand as the most expensive workplace reform in Caldari State history.

Various State officials are set to attend further discussions in the coming days, where they will elaborate on Dr. Saari's report and field questions from the press.

&nbsp;

