# VIOLENCE ON CALDARI PRIME CONTINUES AS GALLENTEAN EXPATRIATES FLEE CALDARI STATE
By Svarthol
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/violence-on-caldari-prime-continues-as-gallentean-expatriates-flee-caldari-state/ at 2008-06-02T00:00:00Z

Luminaire - Racially motivated violence continues to plague Gallente-controlled Caldari Prime since Tibus Heth's mandate to quarantine Gallentean expatriates in Caldari Space, which has led to the unlawful incarceration and/or expulsion of hundreds of thousands thus far. The mandate is being enforced with renewed vigor following Heth's acquisition of the bulk of the Caldari State's industrial base. Clashes between the two ethnicities on Caldari Prime have been ongoing ever since, and Federation riot police are struggling to contain the violence.

Gallentean expatriates attempting to leave the State have been ordered to leave "donations" at border crossings before facing permanent exile. "We don't have anything left," reported one former expatriate, now safely within Federation space. "Those Provist thugs boarded the transport and made us sign it all away, right in front of our own families. Caldari Navy ships were right alongside of us, supervising the whole thing. What could we do?"

Millions of Federation expats remain unaccounted for as tension between the two nation-states worsens by the day. While obtaining information from the Caldari State has become increasingly difficult since Tibus Heth's rise to power, reports are circulating that drastic increases in production outputs across all industries have been underway since the Malkalen disaster.

