# Minmatar residents of Federation express growing concern
By CCP Eterne
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/minmatar-residents-of-federation-express-growing-concern/ at 2013-04-17T18:13:59Z

_Sinq Liason –_ As the effects of the mass shooting that claimed 58 lives continues to ripple through the [Federation](http://wiki.eveonline.com/en/wiki/Gallente), the large number of Federation citizens of [Minmatar](http://wiki.eveonline.com/en/wiki/Minmatar) heritage have begun expressing growing concern with the handling of the situation and their own status within the Federation. Many have expressed discontent with the delays in turning over [Midular](http://wiki.eveonline.com/en/wiki/Karin Midular) to the Republic and the refusal of the Federation government to extradite the shooter or release any details about the individual.

“None of the Gallente I've talked to understand what it means for a Ray of Matar to be injured,” said a [Sebiestor](http://wiki.eveonline.com/en/wiki/Sebiestor) who has been living in the Federation for over two decades. “I was speaking with some of my coworkers about it. They compared it to a holoreel star being hurt on set. I tried to explain to them how that didn't really fit and their basic response was that I should lighten up. I think they're exact words were 'It's only one lady you'll never meet and she's just some politician anyway.' I didn't even know what to say to that.”

The Ray of Matar is an extremely rare [Voluval](http://wiki.eveonline.com/en/wiki/Voluval) tattoo that only manifests in those whom the Minmatar believe are destined for greatness. Karin Midular's rise to prominence as the former [Prime Minister](http://wiki.eveonline.com/en/wiki/Prime Minister) of the Republic, as well as her position as the head of the Sebiestor Tribe, was often credited as a reflection of her Ray of Matar. Bearers of the tattoo are widely revered amongst the Minmatar tribes and populate the history books of the Minmatar people.

“It's like losing a parent,” a descendant of Krusual tribesmen explained. “And for every Minmatar alive. Karin Midular was not of my tribe, but as a Minmatar, I continue to feel a deep ache in my heart for her. I hope every day that she will pull through. What am I saying? Of course she will pull through. She is a Ray of Matar, meant for greatness. This can't possibly be her legacy.”

However, it is not merely cultural misunderstandings that has Minmatar within the Federation concerned. Ramius Throten, a Minmatar who has been living in the Federation for several years, explained why he is unsurprised by the shootings. “Even though most Gallente welcome us, we are still looked at as oddities.”

He added, “We're the outsiders; we're marrying their children or buying their property. Because there are so many of us, they see us changing their culture and are afraid. For all their talk about being inclusive, what some people want is for everyone to become them. Few people are hostile, but it's very dehumanizing.”

The response by Gallente has been split. Most interviewed have expressed some degree of support for the Minmatar. “Of course we want to welcome them,” said a bottling-plant worker for [Quafe](http://wiki.eveonline.com/en/wiki/Quafe). “We want to understand them and make them feel at home. But they are a completely different culture. We can't just accept everything at face value. They have to be patient with us.”

Others, however, have been less receptive. A student at the [University of Caille](http://wiki.eveonline.com/en/wiki/University of Caille) said, “Well, if they didn't want to live like Gallente, why did they come to the Federation? They obviously wanted to get away from the Republic, so why are they complaining that this isn't it? If they'd rather live in the Republic, it's still there for them.”

