# Sisters of EVE temporarily promote two agents
By CCP Eterne
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/sisters-of-eve-temporarily-promote-two-agents/ at 2013-10-09T12:00:00Z

_X-7OMU_ – The [Sisters of EVE](https://wiki.eveonline.com/en/wiki/Sisters of EVE) are temporarily raising the security clearance of two of their agents in response to increased capsuleer demand for high-stakes tasks. Mekamireki Fedas in Apanake and Kiljavas Yaskasen in Lanngisi are being raised from their current “level two” clearance to “level four”. These two agents are also being moved from their current Distribution division to Security.

“Both Mekamireki and Kiljavas are exceptional agents,” said Chief of Staff Titrutolf Haluarin. “They have proven their worth to us for years. Recently we have found more and more people want to help the Sisters fight threats to innocent people across the cluster. Unfortunately, we haven't had the infrastructure to find missions for them. With Mek and Kil taking on those duties, we are confident we can fill the need.”

According to Halaurin, these clearance changes are currently temporary, but it is possible one posting will become permanent. “We do still need these two in their Distribution positions, but we are having others pick up the slack temporarily. We think that eventually the additional swell of support will fade away. However, if demand is high enough it is possible one of the two will retain their clearance level. This will be based on their performance in their new role, the number of people who utilize them, and other factors.”

