# Introduction of wormhole-derived components has unintended side effects for capsuleers
By CCP Eterne
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/introduction-of-wormhole-derived-components-has-unintended-side-effects-for-capsuleers/ at 2013-01-02T14:12:18Z

_Yulai_ – CONCORD has released the results of an extended study on the effects of recent introduction of capsule components derived from wormhole salvage on the interface between capsuleer and ship. The study, initiated in secrecy early in the year after reports of increasing mental instability in certain capsuleers, has revealed shocking information that is leading CONCORD to refine security measures for pod pilots who wish to eject from their ships.

“The findings are quite explicit in their conclusions,” explained Dr. Marteen, a cybernetics professor with the University of Caille. “When a pilot ejects his pod from his ship while engaged in combat, the sudden traumatic disconnect can have a severe psychological impact.”

Dr. Marteen went on to explain that, in the past, such issues were not a concern as “the link between pilot and ship was less firm. The best analogy I can muster is that, before, capsuleers were colorblind. They had dulled sensations and weren't quite fully connected. With recent advances in the capsule, however, pod pilots are suddenly seeing in the full spectrum and everything is more real and deeply connected.”

The explanation for this change can be traced to the introduction of technology derived from salvage recovered from within wormholes. While actual wormhole relics – such as those used in the construction Strategic Cruisers – have not been introduced because of unusual incompatibility between the Jove-derived pod and Sleeper-derived components, many reverse-engineered concepts and components have found their way into the capsule and its interface with ships. While this has had untold benefits for ships, allowing for recent retrofitting and increases in performance across a variety of classes, it has turned out to have its downsides.

The most significant, according to the CONCORD report, is the danger incurred when a capsuleer attempts to eject from his ship soon after engaging in offensive actions such as activating weapons. “It goes beyond the simply disconnect normally experienced through disengaging from a ship,” Dr. Marteen explained. “Imagine swinging your fist at someone and then willing your arm to tear off mid-swing. That sudden shift in mental state is extremely jarring. That's why the problem does not affect those who see their ships simply destroyed, since the more violent event does not provoke such mental whiplash.”

The CONCORD report paints a bleak picture, attributing several mental problems to ejecting too soon, including some cases reporting symptoms similar to mindlock. However, the report also found that simply delaying ejection for roughly a minute will greatly reduce the risks to almost nothing.

In response, CONCORD has issued a mandatory firmware update to ship software that prevents pods from ejecting from a ship within a minute of having activated an offensive module. While acknowledging that the change will cause some issues for a segment of pilots, they believe the benefits outweigh the risks.

