# Caldari Funds Unlimited to invest heavily in Kaalakiota
By CCP Eterne
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/caldari-funds-unlimited-to-invest-heavily-in-kaalakiota/ at 2013-09-09T11:43:19Z

_Nonni –&nbsp;_[Caldari Funds Unlimited](https://wiki.eveonline.com/en/wiki/Caldari Funds Unlimited) and [Kaalakiota Corporation](https://wiki.eveonline.com/en/wiki/Kaalakiota Corporation) have issued a joint release announcing a massive investment into the megacorp from CFU. The investment will result in CFU taking a 20% stake in the megacorp, with the option for KK to buy back 2.5% of the stake each economic quarter.

The investment package is expected to allow Kaalakiota to be much more aggressive in its business transactions. The influx of capital is significant, according to analysts, because it will allow Kaalakiota to quickly recoup much of what it loss in mass sell-offs earlier in the year when it was forced to make debt payments. While it is not expected Kaalakiota will attempt to repurchase many of the assets it sold directly, it is thought the corporation will target properties that will allow it to reenter growing markets.

By purchasing part of Kaalakiota instead of issuing a loan, Caldari Funds Unlimited is showing confidence in interim CEO [Haatakan Oiritsuu's](https://wiki.eveonline.com/en/wiki/Haatakan Oiritsuu) business plan. Should Kaalakiota regain its profitable status, CFU will make tremendous profit when KK buys back the stock. However, should Oiritsuu's leadership fail, CFU will stand to lose out and be left with devalued assets.

