# Stellar Anomaly Detected By Capsuleers; Scientists Baffled By Superluminal Effects
By CCP Delegate Zero
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/stellar-anomaly-detected-by-capsuleers/ at 2014-11-27T18:50:17Z

NEW EDEN - Scientists have confessed to being at a loss to explain an apparently superluminal cosmic phenomenon, following the detection of a new and growing stellar anomaly by capsuleer stargazers shortly after 18:00 EVE Standard Time yesterday.

Prompted by the observations of noted capsuleer space photographer Caroline Grace, several capsuleers last night detected an apparent "new star" in the local star field and immediately began efforts to triangulate its location. It was quickly realized that the stellar anomaly was visible in multiple star systems across the New Eden cluster, regardless of the large distances in light years between them. As capsuleer reports mounted it became apparent that the phenomenon was visible in all local cluster systems and varied in its prominence according to distance from the far interstellar north-east.

As non-capsuleer scientists scrambled to catch up, the collective observations of many pilots across New Eden soon enabled independent stellar cartographers in the capsuleer community to locate the anomaly in the isolated UUA-F4 region, and later to pinpoint it in the close vicinity of the W477-P system. This system has been cautiously and provisionally confirmed as the most likely location of the anomaly by astronomers at Caille University, Republic University and the School of Applied Knowledge. The Faculty of Cosmology at Hedion University has so far declined to comment on the anomaly.

Asked to explain the superluminal effects of the phenomenon, Wolls Obraio, Professor of Astrophysics at Caille University said, "I'm frankly baffled. The information we've been able to gather from this anomaly is in some respects suggestive of a core collapse supernova but there is simply no way in which the light would be visible in every system of the cluster. It is there. It is manifesting faster than light. It should not be possible."

Doctor Niils Cassira of the School of Applied Knowledge was more willing to speculate, "We know space-time in the local area of this cluster is atypical. At least since the Seyllin Incident and the emergence of unstable wormholes it has been clear that a fundamental alteration of the local fabric has taken place. In my view, and this is speculative, it is entirely possible that the local area exists in a bubble of space-time in which certain non-standard possibilities may manifest. If that is true, well all bets are off for what may happen next."

