# State Funeral of Empress Jamyl I Announced by Court Chamberlain
By Lina Ambre
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/state-funeral-of-empress-jamyl-i-announced-by-court-chamberlain/ at 2015-09-16T12:04:00Z

Amarr Prime – The state funeral of Empress Jamyl I will be held on the morning of Sunday 20th September at the Basilica of St. Gheinok the First Prophet, in the Imperial City of Dam-Torsad on Amarr Prime, it was announced today by Court Chamberlain Pomik Haromi. With security concerns at the fore since the assassination of Jamyl I by a Drifter strikeforce, there has been a great deal of speculation that the funeral would be long delayed or held without notice at all. Rather than take either course, imperial authorities have apparently waited until enhancements to the already formidable shields of the Imperial City were in place.

While no remains have yet been recovered, and the likelihood of any being discovered appears to be receding, it is understood that the Emperor Family is keen to bring closure to the life of Empress Jamyl I in as dignified a manner as possible, now that security concerns have been addressed. Sources close to the Court Chamberlain have indicated that he is particularly concerned that the period of mourning be brought to a proper close so that the imperial succession can proceed in a timely manner.

In closely related developments, it was confirmed that the Imperial Succession Committee has been selected, with members drawn from the key institutions of the Amarr Empire. Court Chamberlain Haromi is believed to have held informal soundings with the Emperor Family, Privy Council and Theology Council in order to establish a broad-based but experienced body for the purposes of overseeing the critical process of determining who will next sit on the Throne of Amarr.

