#  Amarr Heirs-Elect Visit Sequestered Royal Heirs in Dam-Torsad Ahead of Championship Finals
By Zara Serir
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/amarr-heirs-elect-visit-sequestered-royal-heirs-in-dam-torsad-ahead-of-championship-finals/ at 2016-04-13T17:57:01Z

Amarr Prime – The Heirs-elect of the Royal Houses of Amarr have been on formal visits to the current Royal Heirs this week, ahead of the YC118 Championship Finals of the Imperial Succession Trials. The final bouts of the Imperial Succession Trials will be held on the evening of Friday April 22nd, before an elite audience of dignitaries, including a significant number of capsuleer pilots from across New Eden.

The Royal Heirs have been in sequestered quarters, under the care of the Order of St. Tetrimon, since the Royal Houses stage of the Succession Trials held in November YC117. The outcome of that stage was to send the Champions of Royal Heirs Aritcio Kor-Azor and Catiz Tash-Murkon forward to compete in the final trials to be held next week. The outcome of the clash of the Kor-Azor and Tash-Murkon teams, led by House Champions Lysus and Kelon Darklight respectively, will determine the next occupant of the Golden Throne of Holy Amarr.

The Heirs-elect have variously been in regular contact with the current Royal Heirs, preparing to take on the heavy duties of leading the six Royal House of the Amarr Empire. While most of the Heirs-elect – such as Lord Arim Ardishapur, Lady Hamideh Kador, Lady Ersilia Kor-Azor and Lord Tunir Tash-Murkon – have been meeting with their Houses' Heirs on a weekly basis, there has been some comment in Imperial and House court circles at the schedules kept by the Sarum and Khanid Heirs-elect.

Lord Marshal Arrach Sarum has been in irregular contact with Royal Heir Merimeth Sarum, with some meetings having as much as a month between them. The Lord Marshal has cited his responsibilities as an Admiral of the Imperial Navy Reserve during the Drifter Incursions. Conversely, Duke Farokh Khanid has been in almost daily contact with His Majesty King Khanid II and has spoken of his wish to benefit from the vast experience of the Khanid Heir. "I feel privileged to be able to commune with His Majesty on the nature and burden of his great office. Always we pray together and give thanks for the glory of Holy Amarr and the place of the Khanid Kingdom in its dominion."

