# SCC Authorizes Trading in Transneural Skill Extraction and Injection Products
By Lina Ambre
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/scc-authorizes-trading-in-transneural-skill-extraction-and-injection-products/ at 2016-02-08T16:43:00Z

YULAI — Capsuleers are to be permitted to trade so-called "Skill Extractors" and "Skill Injectors" according to a market activity notification issued by the Secure Commerce Commission today. Trade in the transneural skill extraction and injection products – devices said to be capable of "reading out synaptic patterns and laying them down in new combinations with skillbook data" – is to be authorized and controlled from 9th February YC118, under the capsuleer support provisions of the Yulai Convention.

Understood to be a development and refinement of neural interface and transneural scanning technologies used by capsuleers, the skill extraction and injection techniques have apparently been made available by the Society of Conscious Thought. In an appendix to the notification, the SCC confirmed that the technology has been extensively tested and used by the SoCT for some years as part of several special educational programs. As the SCC appendix notes: “One of the leading specialist education providers in New Eden, the Society of Conscious Thought has supplied ample data establishing the safety and reliability of this novel technique for learning pathway resolution and reassignment.”

The SCC notice makes clear that the transneural skill extraction and injection technology is not authorized for sale to non-capsuleers due to the "destructive reading" method of the extraction device. The primary source for Skill Extractors will be the commissaries, trading under the name "New Eden Store", found in every space station's secured capsuleer zone. Since the demise of the Noble Exchange, following Noble Appliance's loss of the commissary contract after an SCC investigation into pricing manipulation, the New Eden Store brand has been operated by a board believed to include representatives of Cromeaux Inc., Genolution, Modern Finances and Khanid Innovation.

In a development that may be related, the Scope has learned that representatives of Genolution, Impro and X-Sense were called to a meeting with the CONCORD Inner Circle this past week. There has been no official confirmation of this meeting by CONCORD despite repeated requests for comment.

