# CONCORD Inner Circle Authorizes Extension of Clone State Alpha to Include Battleship Capability
By Alton Haveri
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/concord-inner-circle-authorizes-extension-of-clone-state-alpha-to-include-battleship-capability/ at 2017-12-01T16:27:00Z

Yulai – CONCORD's Inner Circle has issued an authorization under emergency regulations of the Yulai Convention providing that all empire and independent capsuleers will benefit from an extension of Clone State Alpha to include basic support for the training and maintenance of battlecruisers and battleships.

Under the new policy, clones set to Alpha state, as per default cloning contracts, will be supplied with sufficient quantum-entangled 4-Helium to maintain and utilize knowledge uptake to the new piloting and equipment skill levels. New clones furnished with the necessary nano-implants and pre-laid neural pathways are being delivered to all cloning centers in the next few days.

The Society of Conscious Thought is reportedly also issuing information to clone companies on adaptation of existing clone stocks with enhanced nano-implants and the necessary techniques to extend and expand the neural pathways in clone gelform brains.

The Inner Circle has described this as, "a necessary and judicious response to the concerns rightly raised at the CONCORD Assembly by the delegations from our core member states."

Captain Marshal Sirdan xer Qosh, the Amarr Empire's member of the Inner Circle and a veteran of the Imperial Navy, also commented on the measures: "There are many threats to interstellar peace. Let us never forget the murderous Drifters and their allies are still a threat. Here and now, the pirates and outlaws of our cluster are attempting to take advantage of the emergent threats and plunder the resources that properly belong to the sovereign empires of New Eden. We will not stand for this and so the Amarr Empire emphatically supports the expansion of basic capsuleer military capability."

It is understood that the rollout of the new Clone State Alpha capability will be completed early in the coming week.

