# BREAKING NEWS - Chief Executive Panel Orders Partial Closure of Caldari-Gallente Border; Decommissions Embassies
By Lina Ambre
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/breaking-news-chief-executive-panel-orders-partial-closure-of-caldari-gallente-border-decommissions-embassies/ at 2017-03-22T13:28:50Z

NEW CALDARI - The Chief Executive Panel has sent a shockwave through the political landscape of New Eden this morning, after ordering the closure of all State Embassies and consulates with in the Gallente Federation.

The mandate, which was issued just moments ago, demands "the immediate cessation of all diplomatic engagements with representatives from the Federal Government" along with "the immediate return of all State ambassadors and emissaries operating within Federal border to New Caldari Prime for debrief".

In addition to this, passage of all Gallente non-capsuleer traffic across the Caldari-Gallente border has been suspended by Caldari Customs, and the Chief Executive Panel has warned Caldari corporations currently engaged in business with Gallente registered organizations that no non-capsuleer traffic will be permitted to cross the border into the State, regardless of any pre-approved customs and immigration documentation.

Reports indicate that the vote to enact the mandate was strongly contested in the Chief Executive Panel's boardroom, with Wiyrkomi, Ishukone and Hyasyoda reacting angrily to the proposal and immediately voting against it. Kaalakiota, Sukuuvestaa, Lai Dai and CBD are all believed to have immediately voted to pass the mandate into law.

The final vote was cast by Nugoeihuvi after a heated debate with both Mens Reppola and Kuruta Irio, Chief Executives of Ishukone and Wiyrkomi respectively. The outcome saw Nugoeihuvi siding with the supporting group, consisting of traditionally patriot and practical bloc megacorporations.

Ironically, the move comes on the fourth anniversary of Operation: Highlander, which occurred in YC115 and saw the largest military engagement between the State and Federation since the end of the Caldari-Gallente war in YC12.

While all Caldari megacorporations who have assets and operations within Federal border have their own diplomatic staff and are responsible for their own foreign affairs on a corporate level, this mandate by the CEP effectively cuts off diplomatic ties between the Federal and State governments.

It is expected that diplomats from Ishukone, Wiyrkomi and Hyasyoda will remain within Federal borders, however Kaalakiota, Sukuuvestaa, Lai Dai, CBD, Echelon Entertainment, Nugoeihuvi, Propel Dynamics, Top Down, Ytiri, Caldari Steel and Caldari Constructions have all confirmed that they will recall diplomats, but continue operations for as long as the mandate remains in place.

In the last hour the Ishukone Corporation has confirmed its commitment to remain on Caldari Prime, which lies within Federal borders, and will maintain its presence there along with newly re-established efforts from Wiyrkomi and Hyasyoda.

The Federal administration has declined to comment on the confirmation of the mandate, with thousands of private transports, industrial vessels and commercial starships registered in the Federation already being turned back from crossing the border into the State.

