# General Akuras to Oversee Legion Forces on Caldari Prime
By Lina Ambre
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/general-akuras-to-oversee-legion-forces-on-caldari-prime/ at 2018-08-09T19:16:24Z

Yesterday, Mordu’s Legion Command forces on Caldari Prime underwent an abrupt change in leadership. The shift comes as part of an overall new focus by the Legion prompted by their continuing involvement in the Upwell Consortium, which continues to employ large numbers of Mordu's troops for installation and colony security roles.

The changes directly affected the mercenary detachment on Caldari Prime, previously under the leadership of Strike Commander Tsuni Aina. Recently promoted Brigadier General Majima Akuras will instead take the reigns of the security forces on the Caldari homeworld. During his opening speech, General Akuras announced a commitment to sweeping changes due to the evolving business model of the Legion.

Clad in the dress uniform of a Legion brigadier, the General’s remarks contrasted with a light-hearted demeanor that some deemed inappropriate given the responsibility of his new position. Among those were State and Federation representatives on the planet who expressed concerns regarding the sudden change in leadership.

General Akuras explained in no uncertain terms that as the Legion becomes more involved in operations with Upwell Consortium they will not be seeking to renew a number of their high-profile contracts. One of the examples touched on was the contract with the joint administration of Caldari Prime.

After closing his speech, General Akuras opened for questions from press and representatives. When pressed for details on how the shift in focus would affect Caldari Prime, Akuras refused to comment. However, he did explain that details will be revealed in the coming weeks as Mordu’s Legion Command reviews the contract.

Ishukone and Material Acquisition representatives present noted that they had expected to enter negotiations to renew the contract earlier this year. However, representatives explained that prior negotiation talks had met with several delays as senior Legion personnel began to rotate to other postings.

One Ishukone representative remarked, "Today is General Akuras’s first day in his new position and he alludes to a previously unannounced renegotiation rather than a simple renewal agreement. We politely differ with the suggestion that the Caldari Prime security contract may be considered less important than the security of the Upwell Consortium's commercial operations but we are confident in his ability."

Under the tenure of Strike Commander Tsuni Aina as the planet's paramount military authority, Caldari Prime has&nbsp; seen a decline in inter-factional violence and unrest, due in no small part to Mordu's Legion. Commander Aina, a thirty-three year veteran of Mordu's Legion, was recently nominated for promotion as part of the Legion's shift in focus. According to representatives for Legion Command, Aina's record of excellence on peacekeeping operations in Caldari Prime is the primary contributing factor to her escalation in rank.

Though her new duties remain undisclosed for security reasons, Mordu’s Legion representatives suggest that Commander Aina will be taking on a new role at the Legion’s headquarters in 5ZXX-K where she will be working directly with Legion founder Muryia Mordu for the foreseeable future. Commander Aina will be taking her new post in the coming weeks as General Akuras becomes oriented to his new position.

Similarly esteemed, General Akuras has been a member of the Legion for the better part of a century. A decorated veteran, holding both the Legion's Gold and Silver Clusters, Akuras served as commander for the Legion's 5th 'Night Stalkers' Dreadnought Task Force. In YC107, he briefly took over as Common Flight Commander before being placed in charge of operations in Pure Blind. He remained in this position until his recent promotion to brigadier general and subsequent shift to Caldari Prime.

On Caldari Prime, the Material Acquisition and Ishukone corporations retain administrative control over Federation and State districts respectively and co-operate in a joint administration on planetary affairs. The two have what they claim is a long held, satisfactory relationship with the Legion's mercenaries. However, that satisfactory relationship, for now, remains a subject of debate since the arrival of a new commander who appears to have a mandate to renegotiate the security contract.

