# Multiple Terrorist Attacks Against Amarr Empire as Privy Council Meets
By Alton Haveri
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/multiple-terrorist-attacks-against-amarr-empire-as-privy-council-meets/ at 2018-12-11T18:10:39Z

Amarr Prime – As the Amarr Empire's Privy Council met in special session today, a series of terrorist attacks were carried out on five Amarr worlds across the Empire. Reports of attacks on Alkabsi IV, Dakba IV, Mabnen I, Sehmy III and Thebeka III have been confirmed by the Scope, while Amarr sources indicate the mobilization of Ministry of Internal Order forces across the Empire.

Imperial Navy forces are said to be on high alert though no incursions into Amarr space are being reported. While the situation on the planets that have been attacked remains unclear, many believe these terror strikes to be another attempt to destabilize the Empire through chemical attacks aimed at provoking slave rebellions such as those that [took place in Kahah](https://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/kahah-casualties-in-the-millions-deathglow-drug-linked-to-attacks-queen-zidarez-injured-but-safe/).

Earlier today, the Privy Council continued its special meeting, called by Empress Catiz I to consider responses to the violence in Kahah and the [ensuing sanctions](https://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/republic-and-federation-impose-sanctions-on-amarr-empire-for-insufficient-response-to-kahah-massacres/) levied by the Gallente Federation and Minmatar Republic. Attended by the Heirs of all six Royal Houses, the special meeting began over the weekend and had been characterized by vocal and strong opinion expressed by several Royal Heirs ahead of the formal sessions.

Speaking at the weekend, Royal Heir Arrach of the Sarum Family issued calls for renewed vigilance against Blood Raiders and other Sani Sabik heresies. "Recent attacks have struck at the heart of the Empire. It is complacency of the highest magnitude that we have allowed Sanist influence to return to levels preceding the purification of the Bleak Lands. The Empire must immediately launch a full investigation into these attacks, and the full force of Holy Amarr be brought upon anyone found to be league with evil." Lord Sarum is also reportedly furious with the Khanid Kingdom, though it unclear whether this is due to the Kahah massacres or the economic sanctions they provoked.

Lord Tunir Tash-Murkon indicated that the incidents in Kahah were unfortunate, but that the response was a logical reaction given problems with maintaining discipline over the Kingdom's slave population in the face of terrorist attacks. "However, we now have to contend with attempts to bring economic pressure to bear on us from the Minmatar and the Gallente. I feel sure the Empress will focus the Council's deliberations on a correct and measured response to misguided attempts to use interstellar diplomacy and economics to effect internal change in a sovereign state."

Lord Arim Ardishapur chose to point to the 24th Imperial Crusade as an example of growing heretical influences. "We live in a time of falsehood and the light of the true faith grows dimmer every day. When Holy Amarr represents itself on the battlefield with unholy mercenaries who perform twisted blood sacrifices in our name, should we not expect that God turns His gaze from us?"

The Kor-Azor Family was muted by comparison. Steward Aya Khema, who spoke on behalf of Royal Heir Ersilia Kor-Azor, said the Kor-Azor Family "laments the loss of life in the Kahah system and elsewhere," and joined calls for an investigation into how such large-scale attacks could have happened.

Given the developing situation on numerous Amarr worlds this evening, the position of the Kor-Azor and Sarum Families will be reinforced and observers of Empire politics believe it will almost certainly lead the Privy Council to recommend an enhancement of the Empire's internal security and military apparatus. So far, House Kador has remained notably tight-lipped and the Khanid Kingdom has concerned itself with putting down a number of smaller uprisings in the systems of Palas, Ashmarir, Danera, Gehi, and several others since the Kahah rebellion.

