# Galar-Yu Circle, Ihumanoana Circle, Riri Clan Arrange Compromise in Ndokassi Dispute
By Alton Haveri
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/galar-yu-circle-ihumanoana-circle-riri-clan-arrange-compromise-in-ndokassi-dispute/ at 2019-03-14T15:05:00Z

Hukerenui township, Huggar (Pator III) – Representatives of the Galar-Yu Circle, the Brutor Tribe, and Riri Clan announced today that they had negotiated an agreement on the ndokassi relics dispute. The ndokassi had been discovered on lands belonging to the Riri Clan of the Sebiestor Tribe, however this area is also recorded as once being held by the defunct Great Clan of Kul-Brutor.

The discovery by archaeologists of the Vherokior Tribe's Galar-Yu Circle [sparked a heritage property controversy](https://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/rare-archeological-find-sparks-inter-tribal-dispute/) involving the Brutor and Sebiestor tribes that threatened to become a controversy at the Tribal Council. The revelation that the ndokassi contained hapa mold used for traditional purposes by both the Krusual and Nefantar tribes seemed likely to draw them in and widen the dispute.

However, Riri field-keeper Yumi Gaunarr played a key role in forging an agreement through consensus as representative of her clan and custodian of the lands. As part of the arrangement, the Riri Clan will receive an allocation of the relics, which Gaunarr confirmed would be donated to the Hukerenui Cultural Museum. Until such a time that the museum has installed appropriate storage and preservation equipment, their fragile ndokassi will remain in the Galar-Yu Circle's off-planet research facility.

"It is true that historical ownership of those lands by a great clan of the Brutor Tribe was rather obscure. Our private archive contained most of the evidence pertaining to the matter," Ihumanoana Circle lead archaeologist Sukandi Bjokur said. Based on the evidence presented by the Ihumanoana Circle, the Brutor Tribe was granted two of the ndokassi. The tribe has granted custodianship of their ndokassi to the Ihumanoana Circle, releasing a statement describing the circle as "One of the Brutor Tribe's premiere archaeology circles."

"The circle appreciates the confidence that tribal leadership has shown in us," said Bjokur. "We did, in fact, recover the spores of the hapa mold from one of the ndokassi granted to us. Unfortunately, we've discovered that in the time between their extinction and now, it appears a large segment of the population developed a strong allergy to the spores. They gave our research interns burning rashes and watery eyes.

"We are unsure if the mold, separate from its spores, is also an allergen. Nevertheless, in the event that we are able to grow a sustainable colony, we are willing to share the mold with the Krusual and infant Nefantar tribes. This is an important part of the Brutor Tribe's cultural legacy, so work will continue."

During the delicate negotiations, lead archaeologist Gesila Fraemar of the Galar-Yu Circle was permitted to resign after her peers in the circle indicated that they would consider a request from the Vherokior Tribe for her dismissal from the group. The request highlighted her apparently [disingenuous conduct](https://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/whistleblower-releases-undamaged-manifest-in-ndokassi-dispute/) in the acquisition of the ndokassi.

The new lead archaeologist of the Galar-Yu, Jonama Hadidi, announced that her circle had revised its plans. "It's most important to us that we try to recover even a small portion of the technologies and the techniques that were used in these wondrous relics. We hope that with the remaining ndokassi we have been granted, we'll have enough time and expertise to reverse-engineer at least the basic principles," she said.

As part of the arrangement, the Galar-Yu will be expected to share any discoveries derived from their study with the Ihumanoana Circle and Riri Clan. Whistleblower Aratera Kurn, another member of the Galar-Yu Circle and a graduate student from the Republic University, has apparently been given a commendation by the peers of the circle and acquired increased status in the group.

