# Semiki Zainou Biohazard Containment Compromised; Lai Dai Under Suspicion
By Lina Ambre
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/semiki-zainou-biohazard-containment-compromised/ at 2019-01-17T14:55:07Z

Semiki, Lonetrek – An intruder with alleged connections to Lai Dai broke into the Semiki IV Zainou Biohazard Containment Facility, and was apprehended by station authorities after accessing and sabotaging several station systems, the Scope has learned.

It is understood that the breach was detected in time to issue a station-wide stop and detain alert to all security forces. Allegedly, one Steine Vailakkel, 45, was apprehended under a false identity by an officer in the Wiyrkomi Peace Corps. Vailakkel is believed to have been attempting to leave the station via a shuttle facility maintained by Wiyrkomi to facilitate transfers of hazardous waste materials from its nearby testing facilities.

Early, unverified reports indicate Vailakkel may have had the assistance of one or more Zainou employees. Investigators from Ishukone Watch are still assessing the extent of the breach and any damage done. Zainou have made a statement that the wide umbrella of targets was likely intended to obfuscate the true objective of the operation. Requests for further comment were refused and questions on the investigation's progress referred to Ishukone Watch, Zainou's security provider.

There are widespread accounts from Semiki IV station residents of malfunctions in artificial gravity, communications, and internal transit. Sources indicate that a routine InterBus transport moving personnel from the Zainou station to a nearby Aliastra warehouse during the incident carried a digital stowaway: a malicious virus designed to target implants.

While the virus went undetected on the Zainou station, Aliastra employees often have brain augments which assist in tasks associated with their jobs, such as translations, team coordination, and mathematics. When the contaminated transport data-synced with the Aliastra warehouse network, the hostile code was spread to integrated staff. Affected individuals report severe migraines, dizziness, nausea, and double vision.

Ikomari-Onu Enforcement's Hageken Ku, a noted information warfare expert, commented, "Malware like this is mostly reported in rumor, as the required resources to develop it are exclusive to nations, megacorporations, and similar large actors. While general consensus holds that it exists, entities that develop it must avoid disclosure because such tactics are most effective when least understood. That being said, this malware does resemble [an attack on Lai Dai physicist Holene Vailakkel](https://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/lai-dai-scientist-in-coma-following-cybernetic-attack-1/), who has been in a coma for nearly a decade."

According to corporate records, Steine Vailakkel is Holene Vailakkel's spouse. The Lai Dai megacorporation has declined to comment on the matter. The Wiyrkomi Peace Corps are assisting with the investigation and have made available specialist security assets from their neighboring facility to Zainou and Ishukone Watch.

