# CEP and Caldari Navy Greenlight Jita 4-4 Expansion; PKN Interstellar Consortium Seals Contracts
By Lina Ambre
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/cep-and-caldari-navy-greenlight-jita-4-4-expansion-pkn-interstellar-consortium-seals-contracts/ at 2019-08-23T15:50:00Z

Jita, The Forge – A rumored scheme to expand the Caldari Navy's Jita 4-4 station was confirmed today, with the formal announcement by the Caldari State's Chief Executive Panel that it has approved plans and contracts for the project. The PKN Interstellar consortium, led by a group of three Caldari megacorporations, has won the bidding to renovate and significantly expand the most important station in the Caldari State, some would say in all of New Eden.

PKN Interstellar was founded by the so-called _Pikotsaunen Kaatso Nuijaa_, or "Dark Forest Business Club", a grouping of the CBD, Lai Dai and Nugoeihuvi megacorporations. The PKN grouping appears to represent a realignment of these Caldari megacorporations away from old factional dividing lines. PKN Interstellar is a consortium organized around the Modern Finances bank and has a number of associate members and investors from around New Eden.

Confirmed PKN Interstellar associate members include corporations such as Impro, Khanid Works, Tash-Murkon Family and Quafe. It is rumored that other associates and investors include Aliastra, Leisure Group, Semiotique Superluminal and Trust Partners.

The Jita 4-4 renovation and expansion project is understood to be intended to provide much needed additional space and specialist facilities for the many corporations that operate out of the station. Although the CEP and Caldari Navy have not commented on other bids, it is rumored that both the Upwell Consortium and a group led by the Ishukone megacorporation also submitted plans.

PKN Interstellar chair Alakoni Ishanoya expressed delight that her industrial consortium had won the day saying, "We at PKN Interstellar are certain that this decision will lead to the rejuvenation of the Jita 4-4 business ecosystem and considerably enhance prosperity for all involved." It is believed that initial construction work based on the ambitious plans will begin within weeks.

**In Other News**

- Khumatar Allek Berialsh Commends Krusual Tribe for "Work to Enhance Matar Planetary Defense Facilities"

- Triglavian Invasion Reconnaissance Forces "Pose Challenges but Have Not Penetrated Orbital Defenses" say AEGIS

- CONCORD Directive Intelligence Agency Satisfied with Roll Out of Frigate Technical Readouts Program

- Republic Justice Department Links "Sundsele Six" Transport Attack with Krullefor Organization in Mikramurka

- Preparations for Third Anniversary of Coronation Begin as Imperial Officials Brace for Petitions to the Throne

- Lai Dai Corporation Signs Ceasefire Agreement with Intaki Assembly; Onikanabo Brigade Withdrawing from Intaki V

- Full Amarr Privy Council Meetings Held with Theology Council Delegates; Rumors of "Radical Restructuring" Emerge

- Intaki Dissidents Allege Lai Dai "Being Allowed to Leave With Plunder"; Protesters Claim Ceasefire Deal a "Betrayal"

&nbsp;

