# Galactic Hour News Roundup: Triglavian Space-Time Conduit Escalation Edition
By Ret Gloriaxx
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/galactic-hour-news-roundup-triglavian-space-time-conduit-escalation-edition/ at 2019-06-07T09:24:00Z

The Scope's Galactic Hour with Ret Gloriaxx brings your roundup of the latest news from around New Eden as the Triglavian Collective escalates its operations to establish persistent conduits through space-time from the depths of Abyssal Deadspace into K-space itself.

**New Triglavian Strategy Emerges As Collective Establishes "Minor Conduits"**

Yulai, Genesis – A new phase in the Triglavian invasion has developed in the last few days, with it becoming clear that the appearance of sites of space-time distortion across invasion zones is an effort to establish persistent "conduits" from Abyssal Deadspace into New Eden's known space. Triglavian [messages](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8Ltgk6rdVs) heralding the appearance of the conduits were received by a number of capsuleers. CONCORD has designated the sites as "Minor Conduit" locations but the Triglavian Collective are maintaining significant forces at these sites, while continuing to roam across the systems within the invasion zones.

In an apparent change of strategy, the current invasion zones centered on Charmerout, Elonaya and Esescama have persisted for two days so far with no sign that the Triglavians intend to retreat as they generally did within 24 hours with their previous roaming scout operations. CONCORD sources continue to maintain that a strategy of "containment and defeat in detail" is the best method of combating the Triglavian threat. The Empires are continuing to establish co-operation protocols and a summit meeting hosted by the SoCt in FDZ4-A is continuing. Star Marshal Kjersidur Elladall of the DED continues to co-ordinate CONCORD response efforts in space, with Provost Marshal Kasiha Valkanir of AEGIS responsible for planetary and installation defense operations.

**Sansha's Nation Launch Incursion in Fabas Constellation; Widespread Landings in Nasreri System**

Nasreri, Genesis – New Sansha's Nation incursion operations in the Fabas constellation have included major landings on the third and fourth planets of the Nasreri system. Reports indicate that major cities and colonies on those planets have been raided by True Slave forces and large numbers of people have been carried off in Sansha's Nation vessels. Civil defense has been overwhelmed in the face of what appears to be an opportunistic attack while CONCORD and Amarr forces redeploy in response to Triglavaian invasion fleet movements.

There are growing fears that the colonies and settlements of Ebasez system will soon be raided by Nation forces seeking more people to convert into True Slaves. The third and fifth planets of Ebasez are in a state of panic, while the underground mining colonies of Ebasev IV have apparently gone into lockdown and cut off all communications with the outside world.

Analysts believe the large population raiding parties, significantly larger than seen in recent Nation incursions, are geared towards building up Sansha's Nation forces in light of apparent Triglavian hostility to the cybernetic dictatorship of Sansha Kuvakei. The scale of the planetary raiding suggests that Nation strategy has decided to focus on massive raids of populated locations, concentrating their slave ships in the effort.

**Blood Raider Attack on Matar Staged from FOBs in Evannater Constellation; Atgur Mining Operations Also Raided**

Matar, Pator – The coast of Mikramurka on Matar has been struck by a vicious assault by the Blood Raider Covenant, with the seaport of Sundsele especially badly hit according to reports. The Blood Raider strike force is believed to have staged out of forward operating bases in the Evannater constellation. Mining installations in the Atgur system have also been struck by the Blood Raiders, with the cultist pirates apparently taking advantage of mobilization and redeployment movements of local Republic Fleet elements.

The coastal zone of the Mikramurka continent is reported to have been saturated with "Deathglow" missiles, particularly at key locations such as the bustling and popular seaport and resort of Sundsele. Casualty reports are suggesting several thousand dead and injured at least. Unconfirmed reports indicate the Blood Raiders took a number of people captive. It is unclear what the motive for this assault could be, although there is some suggestion that the Raiders, like Sansha's Nation may be trying to bolster their numbers. If reports that the Raiders were primarily targeting teenage children are accurate, this is a sinister and tragic twist amidst the chaos of the Triglavian invasion.

**Upwell Consortium Announces Small Arms Contract with AEGIS**

Yulai, Genesis – Upwell Consortium Chairman Yani Sar Arteu expressed delight today, as he shook hands with Provost Marshal Kasiha Valkanir, the head of CONCORD’s AEGIS division, at a gathering of defense contractors in Yulai. Shortly after their first time meeting in person the two signed an indefinite contract that marked Upwell Consortium as a supplier of armaments for the spacelane and installation security division.

During the gathering, Chairman Arteu explained that the new contract comes with the public disclosure of a new line of small arms designed by Upwell Consortium. In accordance with the needs of the AEGIS division, the weapons are engineered for ease of production utilizing standardized components and a familiar aesthetic as well as modular capabilities. Representatives would not go into detail about the destructive capabilities, citing AEGIS operational security, though those later noted that the weapons appeared to be capable of immense damage.

**In Other News**

- Royal Heir Arim Ardishapur Holding Audience for Local Dignitaries at Governor's Palace in Tanoo

- Military Governor Takes Command of Defense Operations in Patrie Constellation

- Mobilization of Kaalakiota's Home Guard and Lai Dai Protection Services in Minnen

- Tribal Council Meeting to Consider Special Powers for Sanmatar Maleatu Shakor

- Accusations of Jovian Interference and Collaboration with Triglavians Directed at SOCT
