# Galactic Hour News Roundup: Triglavian Major Conduits Established Edition
By Ret Gloriaxx
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/galactic-hour-news-roundup-triglavian-major-conduits-established-edition-1/ at 2019-06-14T16:29:00Z

The Scope's Galactic Hour with Ret Gloriaxx brings your roundup of the latest news from around New Eden as the Triglavian Collective continues its invasion and efforts to establish persistent conduits from its domains in Abyssal Deadspace into the very core of the cluster.

**Triglavian Invaders Using Major Conduits to Bring Reinforcements to New Eden**

Yulai, Genesis – Triglavian invasion forces have once again escalated the scale of their deployment in New Eden, confirming that the Collective are working to an invasion plan or timetable that is unfolding according to a deeper strategy. Developments in the last few days have included the establishment of so-called "major conduits" by the Triglavian Collective, and increased reports of raids on space facilities, asteroid mining installations and even moon colonies.

The Triglavians' major conduits appear to be a step up in capacity and effect from the many minor conduits their forces have been observed defending. The consensus among the Galactic Hour with Ret Gloriaxx's panel of military experts is that these major conduits are being used to bring an ever greater number of Triglavian forces into New Eden space, likely in preparation for a major assault in the coming days or weeks. CONCORD's Star Marshal Kjersidur Elladall has urged "vigilance and co-operation among all the forces of civilization in New Eden."

So far, there have been no reports of Triglavian landings on planetary bodies but many system and planetary defense forces and governments fear that it is only a matter of time before such events take place. Across New Eden, major planets are mobilizing reserves and rushing new atmospheric and low-orbit defenses into production and deployment. Recent opportunistic attacks in high-security space by Sansha's Nation and the Blood Raider Covenant have only increased the urgency of these efforts. It seems clear to the Scope's Galactic Hour with Ret Gloriaxx that almost all major inhabited planets, and many minor planets, will soon be heavily defended and more hardened against attack from space than ever before.

**Royal Heir Arim Ardishapur Secure as Triglavian Incursion into Ammatar Mandate Beaten Back**

Tanoo, Derelik – Lord Arim Ardishapur, the Royal Heir of House Ardishapur and Holder of Derelik, has issued a statement assuring "All Holders, Common Peoples and Servants of House Ardishapur" of his personal safety despite the recent Triglavian incursion into the San Matar constellation of Derelik, the most populated area and administrative core of the Ammatar Mandate. Reports issued by the Governor's Palace on Tanoo II outline the successful defense of primary installations in space, together with all population centers in the widely scattered mining colonies of the constellation.

Lord Ardishapur's statement included a note of "most profound gratitude to all those who took part in the defense of San Matar, including our loyal capsuleers and any others who stood for human civilization and dignity against the inhuman threat posed by the invaders." The Governor's Palace issued notices of commendation to a number of Ammatar Fleet and auxiliary units, including the 1st Consular Guards Squadron, 3rd Tanoo Fleet Reserve Wing, 9th Sasta Fleet Combat Regiment, and the 1st Mandate Redemptionist Brigade. A formal notice of gratitude was also delivered to the Derelik Chapter of the Order of St. Tetrimon.

Local Ammatar news organizations are also reporting that Lord Ardishapur intends to make a "major announcement" at the culmination of his inspection tour of the Mandate.

**SoCT-Hosted Summit Breaks Up With No Public Communique Released**

FDZ4-A, Geminate – Although no public communique has been released, the Scope's Galactic Hour with Ret Gloriaxx understands that the SoCT-hosted summit meeting between major CONCORD powers and many minor sovereign entities has broken up. Sources indicate that while no common platform for defense against the Triglavian threat was agreed to, there was broad and general agreement between the attending states and organizations to co-operate where possible and avoid any action impeding counter-Triglavian operations.

Attendees of the FDZ4-A summit meeting included the core CONCORD empires, together with associated states such as the Ammatar Mandate, Khanid Kingdom and Thukker Tribe. Independent states and organizations included the Intaki Syndicate, Mordu's Legion, Outer Ring Excavations, Upwell Consortium, and the Servant Sisters of EVE. The summit was particularly notable for including invited delegations from the Angel Cartel, Guristas, and Serpentis Corporation, entities normally considered criminal in nature by CONCORD and the core powers.

The Scope's Galactic Hour with Ret Gloriaxx has also learned that Colonel Kasiha Valkanir, Provost-Marshal of AEGIS, personally attended the summit and negotiated certain additional concessions pertaining to freedom of action of AEGIS troops for the duration of the emergency.

**Sanmatar Maleatu Shakor Appoints Allek Berialsh as Planetary Security Co-Ordinator for Matar**

Grand Caravanserai, Matar – Following the shocking assault by Blood Raiders on the coast of Mikramurka and the increasing threat from Triglavian forces, Sanmatar Maleatu Shakor has appointed Allek Berialsh as Planetary Security Co-Ordinator for Matar. Holding the rank of Khumatar, Berialsh will report directly to the Sanmatar and have overall authority and accountability for all matters pertaining to the defense of Matar's surface, atmosphere and orbital zone in the Pator system.

After the attack on coastal Mikramurka, and in view of the Triglavian invasion, Sanmatar Shakor was accorded emergency powers by the Tribal Council for the co-ordination and command of all Minmatar Republic defense, security and public order agencies. The measure was proposed by Krusual Chief Tenerhaddi Dykon and supported by the heads of the Brutor, Starkmanir, Thukker and Vherokior Tribes. Informed sources have told the Scope's Galactic Hour with Ret Gloriaxx that the Chiefs of the Sebiestor and Nefantar Tribes abstained during the vote.

It has also been reported that Sanmatar Shakor "lambasted the head of Mikramurka coastal defense in his private office for twenty minutes" before issuing a memorandum to Chief Acassa Midular of the Sebiestor recommending the dismissal of that official. The Sanmatar's office has, in contrast, issued a glowing notice of thanks to Minmatar capsuleers who "aided in the efforts to bring order to the chaos in Mikramurka and helped strke back at the Blood Raider terrorists."

Khumatar Allek Berialsh is believed to have a background in the Republic Security Services, and was once an aide to the late Chief Karin Midular of the Sebiestor Tribe. After her death, Berialsh became a security consultant to Starkmanir Chief Jeoran Setul, apparently having discovered some ancestral links to that tribe some time after the Starkmanir returned to the Republic.

**In Other News**

- AEGIS Deploys Special Tactics Groups to Installations and Colonies in Space, on Asteroids and Moons

- Guristas Strike Force Assists Local Caldari Defenders in Nagalaiken Constellation

- Mercenaries Clash on Intaki Prime; Onikanabo Brigade Accused of "Desecration" by Ida Monasteries

- Khanid Prime, Kihtaled and Nohshayess Defenses Prevent Major Landings by Sansha's Nation

- Krusual Tribe Condemn "Vile Slanders" Suggesting Advance Knowledge of Blood Raider Attack on Mikramurka Coast

- Unrest on Ham VIII "Merely Minor Slave Revolts" says RKN; Reported Dead Include Sa-Baron Atazil Kufail and Retinue  
 &nbsp;
