# Galactic Hour News Roundup: Dragonaurs Danger and Presidential Politics Edition
By Ret Gloriaxx
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/galactic-hour-news-roundup-dragonaurs-danger-and-presidential-politics-edition/ at 2020-01-16T21:31:00Z

The Scope's Galactic Hour with Ret Gloriaxx brings a roundup of the latest news as more Gallente Presidential election candidate declare and CONCORD intelligence identifies a new threat from the Templis Dragonaurs and Vimoksha Chorus terrorist organizations.

&nbsp;

**Templis Dragonaurs Pact With Vimoksha Chorus a "Clear Threat to New Eden" says CDIA**

Yulai, Genesis – The CONCORD Intelligence Directive Agency has described a new pact between two terror and piracy groups as a "clear threat to the security of New Eden". The CDIA has confirmed reports that the Templis Dragonaurs, an ultranationalist Caldari terrorist organization, has been identified as working with the Vimoksha Chorus, a pirate group that is a splinter faction of Sansha's Nation.

The CDIA assesses that the two organizations are presently "engaged in an exchange of military technology and armaments, in an effort that can only make both these dangerous and unpredictable terror groups even more of a threat than they already represent." CONCORD's DED has responded by distributing all location and tracking data on the Templis Dragonaurs to the general security networks of the empires and encouraged capsuleers to join in fighting the new threat.

Provost Marshal Kasiha Valkanir of CONCORD's AEGIS division additionally commented, "We cannot afford to allow this nascent alliance between two dangerous but relatively minor threats to grow into a major new security crisis. The ongoing Triglavian invasions, the danger of Drifter attacks and incursions by Sansha's Nation itself could only be harder to counter with yet another such threat on the scene."

The Templis Dragonaurs are an ultra-nationalist Caldari organization considered terrorists by most governments of New Eden. Once associated with Tibus Heth's Provist government, they suffered a major blow when his regime fell in YC115. It is believed they maintain large numbers of infiltrators and agents throughout the Caldari State and its megacorps.

Led by a former Sansha's Nation warlord, Cornelius Sedek, the Vimoksha Chorus is understood to have survived the suppression of Sansha's Nation by a CONCORD-led coalition in YC37. The Vimoksha Chorus operated as a pirate group for many decades before its recent escalation to planetary raidng. It is believed to still be an independent splinter faction at odds with Sansha Kuvakei's Nation.

&nbsp;

**Governor Celes Aguard Formally Declares Candidacy for Gallente President at Rally on Mies IV**

Mies, Essence – Addressing a capacity crowd at the New Riennes Stadium on Mies IV, Governor Celes Aguard formally declared her candidacy for President of the Gallente Federation in a speech that focused particular attention on the periphery of the Gallente territories. "My friends, I can confirm my campaign for the Presidency of the Federated Union of Gallente Prime is underway, here, tonight. I welcome you all and thank you for sharing in my vision of the future prosperity and security of this great, liberal and forward-looking federation of ours."

As Governor of Mies, Celes Aguard presides over the administration of one of the Federation's most prosperous core systems and has long been a driving force in the development of her system and the wider infrastructure of the Crux constellation and Essence region. Despite this, Governor Aguard has long been popular in the periphery of the Gallente Federation, with her support for the development and security of outlying systems and constellations a repeated theme of her political careers.

"My friends, my fellow citizens, we must never forget our families, friends and fellows who make their lives on the frontiers of this great federation. Never again can the threat of political abandonment and security apathy over the periphery be allowed to take root in the federal system. I pledge that no region, no constellation and no system will be left behind. The Gallente Federation is for all, not just the core systems. It gladdens my heart to see so many of you here, so many of you citizens of Mies, Luminaire and Crux, to support our cause of a Federation of peace, prosperity and security for all."

Despite two previous attempts that saw her fall short, Governor Aguard is considered a strong presidential candidate with name recognition and overall approval ratings that most other candidates struggle to match.

&nbsp;

**Councillor Wayaki Kayara Announces Run at Presidency on Return from Kabar to Mannar Seginde**

Mannar, Everyshore – Councillor Wayaki Kayara of Mannar Seginde has announced his own run at the Gallente presidency, following his return to Mannar Seginde (Leremblompes II) after a visit to the former Mannar homeworld of Kabar (Mannar VIII). The Mannar Councillor of Diplomacy made his announcement from the steps of the Mannar Seginde Council of Notables building in Fou Mannai, "The people of the Federation know that we can only prevail and make progress by righting the wrongs of the past, and it is in that spirit that I announce my candidacy for President of the Gallente Federation."

"All of us have seen the devastation on our homeworld, the legacy of the Doa dea Kabar, and many of us have experienced that legacy first hand. I have just returned from Kabar and I bring a message of hope that an old wrong may be righted and our ancient home be restored to us. The initiative to restore Kabar has made such progress as you would not dare hope for. That I dared not hope for. Yet it requires more from us all and, I say, from this Federation that so long neglected Kabar and only rewarded the service of so many Mannar in its cause with limited aid to us here on Mannar Seginde."

"This is not just about us. We know how the Federation speaks of equality and justice for all yet seldom delivers it in full to those who maintain their own cultures. We have seen how the Intaki home system and Placid region have been treated. We have seen how the Minmatar diaspora has been marginalized. How the Federation has allowed war to continue across our own borders and those of our Republic allies. We have seen how our Deteis, Civire and Achura citizens have been affected by the ongoing conflicts. We must stop all this. Reconciliation beyond our borders, with the Intaki Syndicate and, yes, with the Caldari State is necessary. But so too is reconcilitation necessary within. With our Jin-Mei friends, with our Intaki brothers and sisters, and with us, the people of Mannar Seginde and Kabar."

Two former presidential candidates expressed mixed views on Kayara's platform. Long-time Federal-Populist and anti-war figure, Senator Vilard Garioss of Nexus said, "I sympathize with some of Councillor Kayara's positions, even support them, but his message seemed confused to me and I have a hard time believing it will resonate beyond his core following." Retired Admiral Daren Fasio, an ethnic Mannar himself, was more forthright in his assessment, "This was a blancmange of a speech. No doubt it will appeal to pacifists and fools. I doubt that the Mannar men and women I served with would find anything appealing in it, let alone the citizens of the Federation who understand that a strong defense requires us to confront our enemies, not 'reconcile' with them."

&nbsp;

**Mentas Blaque Comments on Roden Administration's Militia Warzone Diplomacy in Clear Appeal to Hawks**

Renyn, Essence – In off the cuff remarks today, Federal Intelligence Office chief Mentas Blaque said, "The Federation cannot afford to take a weak position on the debate over our sanctions against the Amarr Empire and its satellite states." His comments, made to journalists at an FIO briefing on the Templis Dragonaurs and Vimoksha Chorus situation, continued: "I have advised against pursuing a strategy of legalistic debate with the Amarr. I know Sirdan xer Qosh well. He's a slippery fox who will tie up these negotiations in all sorts of arcane knots and twists."

While Blaque's comments included a criticism of Amarr Inner Circle Delegate Sirdan xer Qosh's assertion that Federation and Republic sanctions are a breach of the Yulai Accords and Convention provisions against a general trade blockade of a member state by other member states, most Gallente commentators see the remarks as a clear criticism of the Roden Administration's attempt to chart a diplomatic course through the militia warzone crisis.

"These remarks are on the edge of open criticism of President Roden's policy in this matter and given the looming election, I believe they are a clear appeal to hawkish political blocs and voter sentiments across the Federation," Senator Ulve Fabronne of Peccanouette told the Scope's Galactic Hour. "I think we will see Blaque declare very soon," Senator Fabronne added.

&nbsp;

**In Other News**

- CONCORD Conflict Monitors Report on Floseswin IV: "Tacit Ceasefire is in Effect; Sporadic Exchanges of Fire; Scattered Paramilitary Reprisals"

- "The Peace of Kahah" Breaks Box Office Records in Khanid Prime; Duke Chakaid Hails "Masterpiece of Truth Illuminating the Victory of Faith"

- PKN Interstellar Bid for Security and Shipping Franchise in Intaki System Described as "Bizarre and Insulting" by Intaki Assembly

- Tribal Liberation Force Regains Initiative with Combined Fleet Actions and Guerilla Strikes; Kurniainen and Vimeini Fall

- Kyonoke Inquest Organization Statement on Capsuleer Experiments: "Kyonoke Cure Remains Effective. Samples Secured Under HFA Act are Inert or Compromised."

- Caldari-Gallente Militia Warzone Activity Increasing; Military Experts say Federal Election Season "Driving Renewed FDU Strategic Offensive"

- Inner Circle Peace and Militia Reform Talks Remain Deadlocked on Trade Sanctions Issue; "Amarr Attempting to Distort Anti-Blockade Accords" says Keitan Yun

- Federation Ambassador Devan Malate: "No Contradiction Between the Anti-Blockade Provisions of the Yulai Accords and Limited, Targeted Sanctions"

- Caldari Mediation Continues: "We Share the Legal Interpretation of the Amarr Empire but Resist Accusations of 'Hypocrisy' on Either Side of this Contractual Dispute"

- **BREAKING** : President Jacus Roden Announces Successful Rescue of Civilian Government of Vevelonel V by Federal Marines

- **BREAKING** : Braille District Gendarmes Arrest Vevelonel V Colonial Militia Officers Following Daring Rescue Operation

- **BREAKING** : President Roden also Signs Executive Order for Enhanced Disaster Relief and Resettlement Finance in Octanneve System

&nbsp;

