# Celes Aguard Wins Gallente Presidency at Third Try in Narrow Victory Over Shaileen Ramnev
By Lina Ambre
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/celes-aguard-wins-gallente-presidency-at-third-try-in-narrow-victory-over-shaileen-ramnev/ at 2020-05-11T19:26:00Z

Luminaire, Essence – The third time of trying brought good fortune at last for Governor Celes Aguard, as final totalizations in the Gallente Presidential Election narrowly gave the win to her after a hard-fought campaign in which Shaileen Ramnev's strong showing put the result in doubt until all results were in. Governor Aguard's victory will make her the first female President of the Federated Union of Gallente Prime with Jin-Mei heritage.

Former Arcurio Mayor Shaileen Ramnev has conceded and congratulated Governor Aguard in a personal holocall. Senator Suvio Bellaron has issued a statement of congratulations, as have Councillor Wayaki Kayara and Senator Kelen Ontbad. There has been no word as yet from the camp of Mentas Blaque. Outgoing President Jacus Roden issued a statement of congratulations alongside the certification of results made by the Federal Elections Commission.

With all totalizations and adjustments made, the federal districts totals stood at 31 for Celes Aguard, 23 for Shaileen Ramnev, 4 for Suvio Bellaron, 3 for Mentas Blaque, and 1 for Kelen Ontbad. Sub-district totals were 427 for Aguard, 382 for Ramnev, 47 for Bellaron, 32 for Blaque, and 15 for Ontbad. Popular vote totals stand at 46.37% for Aguard, 42.32% for Ramnev, 5.25% for Bellaron, 4.13% for Blaque, and 1.41% for Ontbad.

Governor Aguard's victory represents solid backing for her "unity, security, diversity" message and program across the entire Gallente Federation. However, the appeal and political impact of Shaileen Ramnev's platform of reconciliation and strong self-governance is clear from her emergence as a very strong challenger out of a field of well-known, experienced and popular politicians. The result perhaps represents the least clear endorsement for a presidential winner in the last two decades but the presidential mandate of Governor Aguard is beyond doubt when considering all metrics.

Of the clear losers, Senator Suvio Bellaron will be pleased to have finished substantially ahead of Mentas Blaque, and his position as a leading liberal voice in the Senate will likely not be damaged. The future of the as-yet-unsigned "Bellaron Bill" to outlaw capital punishment does, however, seem in doubt given the support that Governor Aguard drew from Jin-Mei and Mannar communities sceptical of central-interventionist measures such as the bill.

While Senator Kelen Ontbad clearly anticipated a trailing performance, coming last among the established contenders will be a blow. Yet it may be that being knocked into fourth place is a bigger humiliation for career politician, administrator and FIO Head Mentas Blaque.

Governor Celes Aguard's campaign was clearly given a notable boost by the endorsement of Mannar politician Wayaki Kayara, but her long record on frontier security, emphasis on unity of the Federation across all regions, and her status as a capable governor of a major Gallente system were critical. With the Gallente Federation continuing to deal with the aftermath of the February Election Attacks, the ongoing threat of the Triglavian invasions, and the instability of the miltia warzones, Governor Aguard's third run evidently captured the moment for many people.

President-elect Celes Aguard will be inaugurated as President of the Federated Union of Gallente Prime on Friday May 15th.

_The Scope Election HQ Team:_ Lina Ambre, _The Scope_; Ret Gloriaxx, _The Scope's Galactic Hour with Ret Gloriaxx_; Kavash Timuryi, _Leremblopes Sentinel_; Oskar Illutain, _Villore Guardian_; Sashara Qistan, _Luminaire Star Herald_

**In Other News**

- Federal Navy Reports Temporary Alert Escalation in Iyen-Oursta; Caldari State Commanders in Perimeter "Fully Co-operated in De-Escalation"

- Communications Glitches in Akat Province, Intaki V Federal Sub-District Resolved with Help of Pend Insurance Infrastructure

- Colonial Government Elections on Vevelonel V Pass Without Incident as Turnout Very High Amidst Federal Police Presence

- Three Dead in Riot Aboard Agoze V FedMart Retail Center Over 1 ISK Voting Promotion after "DeepSector Mob Stormed Polling Station"

- Quafe Megacorporation Accused of Using "Soft-Drink-Responsive Subcranial Nanocontrollers" Trial to "Push Favored Senate Candidates"

- Senators Call for Committee into "Corporate Influencer Technologies" Over Aliastra, Egonics, FedMart & Quafe Election Activities

- Intaki Assembly Members and Sub-District Senate Races "Target of Thwarted Assassinations Plot by Aenebra Cult" – Intaki Prime Gendarmes

- Serpentis Statement Denies Involvement with Synth-Booster Election Offer; Salvador Sarpati Postscript Notes "Splendid Idea, Mind You!"

- CONCORD Monitors Report "Uneasy Quiet" on Floseswin IV as Republic Fleet and Imperial Navy Increase Border Patrols

- Thukker Tribe Council of Caravans Declines Petition on Krullefor Organization Links to Seykal Clan; "Not a Matter for Great Caravans"

- CBD Megacorp Acts to Secure Transport Links in Territories Adjacent to its Colonial Mining Concession Zone on Skarkon II

- [_LDSS Airkio's Promise_](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLjPOrHGpig) Situation Unclear as Lai Dai-SuVee Bring in Kirkinen Risk Control "Specialists"; Capsuleer Speculation Mounts

- Lai Dai Refuses Comment on Tamo Raid as State Customs Monitor "Unusual Corporate Scrip Transactions Across Constellation Fluid Routers"

- EDENCOM Facilities [Attacked by Triglavian Forces](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oy-awOvRu9Q) Seemingly Developing Advanced Technology According to Capsuleer Analysis

- LATE BREAKING: Insurgent Presidential Candidate General Julianus Soter [Congratulates](https://forums.eveonline.com/t/presidential-election-end-of-the-journey-beginning-of-another/240401) President-Elect Celes Aguard

&nbsp;

