# New Gallente Elections Date Set as Souro Foiritan Tapped to Head Investigative Commission
By Lina Ambre
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/new-gallente-elections-date-set-as-souro-foiritan-tapped-to-head-investigative-commission/ at 2020-03-30T16:56:00Z

Luminaire, Essence – The Gallente Federal Elections Commission has set the date of the new Presidential and Senate elections for the weekend starting 8th May this year. Results will be declared the following Monday and President Jacus Roden has declared his intention to transfer power at a presidential inauguration on 15th May.

While holding the re-scheduled election of a new Federation President and the fifth of the Senate up for election this year has been a priority for the Roden administration, there have been delays in the drive for "normalization". Reports of erratic network connections have flared up again in outlying regions and districts of the Federation. In addition, several members of the Federal Elections Commission were in attendance at the Festival of Chareté hosted by [Ensî Beatrice Batteuse](https://fiction.eveonline.com/new-eden/lore/beatrice-batteuse) in Central Garoun on 28th March.

Some Gallente media have lambasted Federal Elections Commissioners for putting a "Royalist Drinking and Sex Festival" above the request from President Roden to set a date by 28th March. Other outlets have sided with the Commissioners and Ensî Beatrice Batteuse for observing the traditions of the Garouni fertility and abundance rites despite all. The Scope's Ret Gloriaxx was in attendance at the festival but we take no particular editorial line on the matter.

In closely related news, President Roden has appointed his predecesor, President Souro Foiritan, as head of the Federal Investigative Commission into the attacks on the federal elections and communication networks. President Foiritan has been charged with assembling an "independent and determined body of investigators and assessors" as swiftly as possible.

**In Other News**

- CONCORD Inner Circle Continues Talks on Future Revisions to Emergency Militia War Powers Act

- Demonstrations Outside Republic Security Services Compound on Amo III Dispersed by Krusual Tribal Marshals

- Chief Acassa Midular Reacts to Amo III Crackdown by Filing Tribal Sovereignty Dispute Over Lands Surrounding Compound

- Khanid Warlord Alar Chakaid Broadcasts Sermon of "Reclaiming by Holy Fire" on Floseswin IV; Claims Support of Teachings of [St. Junip](https://fiction.eveonline.com/new-eden/lore/st-junip-of-aerui)

- Scholars of Hedion University Department of Sacerdotal Hagiography Express "Deep Outrage at Perversion of St. Junip of Aerui's Holy Wisdom"

- Valklear General Kanth Filmir Welcomes Republic Justice Department Commander and Troops to Floseswin IV HQ

- Liberator General Nola Ashok Brings RJD Troops, Materiel and Specialist Techniques to "Fight to Free Our People and World"

- Caldari State Chief Executive Panel Meets to Consider Megacorporate Territorial Concessions and Corporate Security Force Jurisdictions

- Sukuuvestaa and Kaalakiota Co-ordinated Program of Planetary Fortification and System Defenses Enhancement Completes "Core Hubs Phase"

&nbsp;

