# Galactic Hour News Roundup: A Triglavian Mystery and Minmatar Politics Heat Up
By Ret Gloriaxx
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/galactic-hour-news-roundup-a-triglavian-mystery-and-minmatar-politics-heat-up/ at 2020-03-26T14:33:00Z

_The Scope's Galactic Hour with Ret Gloriaxx brings an exclusive account of a Triglavian mystery in Sinq Laison, news of political strife in the Republic, and our usual summary of other news from around New Eden._

**Exclusive: Authorities Mystified as Population of Esmes III Town Discovered in Triglavian "Environmental Facility" on Goinard II**

Goinard, Sinq Laison – The Scope's Galactic Hour with Ret Gloriaxx can exclusively reveal that the population of the town of New Concept on Esmes III are alive and apparently reasonably well. After detecting strange signals emanating from the storm world of Goinard II, CONCORD's AEGIS division discovered a bizarre environment maintained on the rocky surface of that inhospitable planet. Within the heavily protected environment were the population of New Concept colony, so recently believed to have been reduced to their constituent molecules by a Triglavian raid on 8th March.

While intrepid reporter Ret Gloriaxx, of the Scope's Galactic Hour with Ret Gloriaxx, was unable to gain access to the strange environment or interview the fortunate survivors of New Concept, it was possible to secure an exclusive interview with AEGIS Provost Marshal Kasiha Valkanir. It should be noted that this interview was only granted after Marshal Valkanir had assured herself that the situation in Goinard system was secure, following unusual Triglavian activity in space and on the surface of Goinard II.

"I am afraid that operational secrecy requirements mean that I cannot reveal too much to you, Sieur Gloriaxx, but I can say that all inhabitants of New Concept, Esmes III, that are in the records available to us were found in the Triglavian facility on the surface of Goinard II. The nature of that facility? Clearly some form of experimental environment. The structure itself was considerably hardened against the storms of Goinard II and guarded by Triglavian combat drones. More than that I cannot say at this time. Our operation to secure the facility and the inhabitants of New Concept was a complete success. They are now safe in AEGIS custody."

"Motivations of the Triglavians? It's not my role to speculate, Sieur Gloriaxx. I'm a soldier charged with organizing major elements of the defense of New Eden. Our forces responded to a threat and by good grace were able to save lives thought lost. Are they all completely unharmed? I can't say that, I'm afraid, and I'm unwilling to discuss individual cases. Suffice to say that Triglavian methods of intelligence gathering can be taxing to the subject. We've seen this sort of thing before, on a smaller scale. Yes, I'd say the Triglavians are adapting their approach as the invasion campaign continues. They remain a dire threat to New Eden. Thank you, Sieur Gloriaxx, that will have to be enough."

The Scope's Galactic Hour with Ret Gloriaxx wishes to note that a combined force of capsuleers cleared the Goinard system of a substantial Triglavian scouting force during the time AEGIS and CONCORD forces were apparently carrying out operations on Goinard II. Other sources available to investigative reporter Ret Gloriaxx have suggested that AEGIS has secured a number of similar facilities elsewhere in New Eden. The Scope has also been told that captured civilians and military are almost certainly being tested in various ways by the Triglavians. One source has claimed that Triglavians are "biologically adapting" some prisoners to various environments.

The Scope's Galactic Hour with Ret Gloriaxx will continue to pursue the truth and publish it for all citizens of New Eden!

**Minmatar Tribal Council Passes New Internal Security Measures Amidst Heated Debate**

Matar, Pator System – There were heated scenes at the Tribal Council, this morning, as proposals for a "Sanmatar's Circle for Security Co-ordination" were passed by the votes of the Brutor, Krusual, Starkmanir and Thukker Chiefs. Chief Acassa Midular of the Sebiestor Tribe vigorously opposed the measure, while the Nefantar and Vherokior Chiefs chose to abstain.

The debate on the controversial proposals was held in open session at the insistence of the Sebiestor and Vherokior Chiefs, under the rule that any two tribes of the Republic may call for and be granted an open council. Sanmatar Maleatu Shakor did not exercise his option to speak in the discussion and under the rules of the Tribal Councli he has no vote on decisions.

A particularly robust exchange of views was had between Sebiestor Chief Acassa Midular on one side, and Chiefs Tenerhaddi Dykon of the Krusual Tribe and Einnar Aeboul of the Thukker Tribe on the other. Chief Midular raised the issue of "vast financial and resource appropriations for mysterious purposes that my own forensic accountants have traced to the Krusual Covert Operators, Tronhadar Free Guard and Trust Partners."

Chief Dykon asserted that matter was "not remotely germane to the proposals before us and the raising of it demonstrates a reckless disregard for proper order that has come to be the hallmark of certain Sebiestor clans and their representatives." Chief Aeboul described the evidence brought up by Chief Midular as "barely worth the notice of the council," but added "I shall be sure to have an aide make a _note_ to look into it further."

Starkmanir Chief Jeoran Setul brought the debate to a close, moving the proposals to a formal vote that passed by four to one, with two abstaining. The new Sanmatar's Circle for Security Co-ordination will have broad powers of investigation, evidence gathering, witness summons, arrest of suspects and appropriation of material vital to the security of the Tribal Republic.

The Scope's Galactic Hour with Ret Gloriaxx hopes and trusts these measures will be temporary and not overlong impinge on the liberties of the Minmatar people!

**In Other News**

- Federation's Aliastra Rumored to be Seriously Exploring Application for Full Corporate Status in Caldari State  
 &nbsp;
- Gallente Federal Defence Union Complete Full Capture of All Systems in Caldari-Gallente Militia Warfare Zone  
 &nbsp;
- Uneasy and Unstable Situation on Floseswin IV as Minmatar Liberation Armies Fortify Lines "Trisecting Amarr Occupied Zones"

- Capsuleers on Each Side of Amarr-Minmatar Militia Conflict Debate Terms of Ceasefire and Amarr Withdrawal from Floseswin IV

- Guristas Pirates Reportedly Using Capsuleer Sourced Corporate Scrip to Purchase Black Market Ship Manufacturing Upgrades

&nbsp;

