# BREAKING: Empire and Republic Face Off on Borders as Inner Circle Meets
By Lina Ambre
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/breaking-empire-and-republic-face-off-on-borders-as-inner-circle-meets/ at 2021-04-29T22:10:22Z

Yulai, Genesis – Republic Fleet battlegroups have been deployed to multiple border and key stargates across Minmatar space as Amarr fleets gather on gates bordering the Republic and Federation. The Inner Circle is in emergency session as a dangerous escalation of forces across New Eden is in progress following the bombardment attacks in Tanoo and Girani-Fa.

The Minmatar Republic has reacted to the large mobilization of Amarr forces with their own deployments of fleet groups to key locations. Border systems with the Ammatar Mandate have been reinforced with substantial battlegroups. Additionally, various systems that serve as fallback positions in the militia warzones of Heimatar and Metropolis have been reinforced with large fleet presences. In one notable hotspot, large fleets are facing off across the Ardar-Floseswin stargate link.

There are no reports of contact between the opposing forces but the possibility for accidental escalation to outright war is alarming citizens across New Eden. With large numbers of vessels still mobilized on EDENCOM duty the combined deployments are approaching the vast numbers of battle fleets and capital ships mobilized at the height of the Triglavian invasions.

Sanmatar Maleatu Shakor is reported to be in conference with the Tribal Council and military advisors, including Hetman General Kanth Filmir and Liberator General Nola Ashok. The Tribal Council is believed to be considering a call up of reservists from the Territorial Defense Guards and Tribal Militias. An order placing all active Republic Fleet and Republic Command troops on wartime alert has already been issued.

The Caldari State has reacted cautiously but there are reports of megacorporation security fleets, including capital ships, moving to positions close to the borders with the Federation and Republic. The Caldari State's delegate to the Inner Circle is currently on Amarr Prime for a summit with the Imperial Privy Council. The Amarr Empire has continued to activate planetary defenses, and raise militia and police forces to war footing.

The Gallente Federation continues to adopt a posture aimed at de-escalation and has kept its mobilized forces away from stargates. The powerful Luminaire Defense Fleet has been fully mobilized and its squadrons spread among staging locations throughout the Crux constellation.

