# BREAKING: EOM Avatar and Revelations Fleet Destroyed Following Superweapon Bombardment of Kahah III
By Lina Ambre
Published on http://community.eveonline.com/news/news-channels/world-news/breaking-eom-avatar-and-revelations-fleet-destroyed-following-superweapon-bombardment-of-kahah-iii/ at 2021-05-05T21:06:43Z

Kahah, Khanid – Equilibrium of Mankind capital ships subjecting the planet of Kahah III to railgun and superweapon bombardment have been destroyed in battle with capsuleers and Royal Khanid Navy forces. In a serious blow to the EOM, an Avatar-class titan piloted by the notorious Khanid Warlord Alar Chakaid was destroyed as it rained fire down on the planet. The supporting fleet of EOM Revelation-class dreadnoughts were also destroyed by forces responding to the devastation of Kahah III.

The Amarr Empire and Khanid Kingdom have condemned Alar Chakaid as a heretic and repudiated his actions as "grossest heresy, terrorism, and crimes against creation." At present it is unclear if Alar Chakaid has escaped once more. Orders to hunt down and eliminate the EOM cult conspirators have been issued by Empress Catiz I to all houses, ministries and branches of the Amarr military. Royal Khanid Navy units are conducting search and rescue operations across Kahah III but there are reports of considerable destruction in the agricultural centers hit by the superweapon blasts and accompanying railgun fire.

<iframe allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen="" frameborder="0" height="315" src="https://web.ccpgamescdn.com/fiction/eveonline/worldnews/video/OcilanSpeaks.webm" width="560"></iframe>  
_Above: Broadcast purported to be from EOM leader "Ocilan Ardishapur"_

CONCORD's Inner Circle is meeting to consider this latest attack and review all available evidence and intelligence gathered from previous attacks, particularly in the light of this event, and the new information and evidence it provides. A broadcast on selected GalNet channels has also been made by a figure that is purported to be Ocilan Ardishapur, the founder and leader of the EOM. Amarr authorities have considered Ocilan Ardishapur dead for at least a thousand years but it is known that captured EOM cultists claim he lives and still leads the organization.

&nbsp;

